Make time dimension optional for Statistics panel (#422)
xcube-dev/xcube-viewer: CHANGES.md

## Changes in version 1.3.1 (in development)

### Fixes

> * The `<Time>` parameter is now no longer required to calculate the statistics 
>   of the selected Point/Polygon for datasets that does not contain a time 
>   parameter. (#421)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `<Time>` parameter is now no longer required to calculate the statistics 
  of the selected Point/Polygon for datasets that do not contain a time 
  dimension. (#421)

```
